README.md, before:

# Evolution-Gaming-Scripts

## Introduction
Welcome to my Evolution Gaming Scripts page! Evolution's autoplay feature is severely lacking in it's functionality for us players so I wrote these scripts to optimize your gaming experience! I hope you enjoy them and they improve your fortunes!

## How to run these scripts
- These scripts run entirely inside your browser's console. Nothing else is required.
- Open up your browser's developer tools (usually F12).
- Make sure you select the iFrame that the game is loaded into;
    - You can right click on the game to discover the game's direct URL and can load the game directly in your browser with no need to select the iFrame.
    - Otherwise, in Chrome, you can select the iFrame by navigating to the Console tab, selecting the "top" dropdown and selecting "KindredGameIframe". 
- Open up the JavaScript file in any text editor, copy **ALL** the text, paste into your browsers console and run the code.

## Crazy Time Advanced Autoplay Bot
Crazy Time Advanced Autoplay Bot offers the following autoplay modes;
- Random bets

## Dream Catcher Advanced Autoplay Bot
Dream Catcher Advanced Autoplay Bot offers the following autoplay modes;
- Random bets

## Football Studio Advanced Autoplay Bot
Football Studio offers the following autoplay modes;
- Random bets
- Alternate betting eg: (home, away, home, away, etc)
- Sequence betting eg: (home, home, away, away, home, home, away, away, etc)
- Streak betting eg: (4 home wins in a row, bet on away)

Commit message:

Updated readme and DC Bot.
Updated readme.

Optimized code for the Dream Catcher autoplay bot.

Added incremental betting mode and decremental betting mode.

README.md, after:

# Evolution-Gaming-Scripts

## Introduction
Welcome to my Evolution Gaming Scripts page! Evolution's autoplay feature is severely lacking in it's functionality for us players so I wrote these scripts to optimize your gaming experience! I hope you enjoy them and they improve your fortunes!

## How to run these scripts
- These scripts run entirely inside your browser's console. Nothing else is required.
- To customise the bot settings, go to "Define your bot settings here!" and edit the values below that line up until "End of bot settings".

- Open up your browser's developer tools (usually F12).
- Make sure you select the iFrame that the game is loaded into;
    - You can right click on the game to discover the game's direct URL and can load the game directly in your browser with no need to select the iFrame.
    - Otherwise, in Chrome, you can select the iFrame by navigating to the Console tab, selecting the "top" dropdown and selecting "KindredGameIframe". 
- Open up the JavaScript file in any text editor, copy **ALL** the text, paste into your browsers console and run the code.

## Crazy Time Advanced Autoplay Bot
Crazy Time Advanced Autoplay Bot offers the following autoplay modes;
- Random bets

## Dream Catcher Advanced Autoplay Bot
Dream Catcher Advanced Autoplay Bot offers the following autoplay modes;
- Random bets
- Incremental betting eg: (1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 40 then start over)
- Decremental betting eg: (40, 20, 10, 5, 2, 1 then start over)

## Football Studio Advanced Autoplay Bot
Football Studio offers the following autoplay modes;
- Random bets
- Alternate betting eg: (home, away, home, away, etc)
- Sequence betting eg: (home, home, away, away, home, home, away, away, etc)
- Streak betting eg: (4 home wins in a row, bet on away)
